# Fake-News-Detection 
The phenomenon of Fake news is experiencing a rapid and growing progress with the evolution of the means of communication and Social media. Fake news detection is an emerging research area which is gaining big interest. It faces however some challenges due to the limited resources such as datasets and processing and analysing techniques. In this work, we propose a system for Fake news detection that uses machine learning techniques. We used term frequency-inverse document frequency (TF-IDF) of bag of words and n-grams as feature extraction technique, and Support Vector Machine (SVM) as a classifier. We propose also a dataset of fake and true news to train the proposed system. Obtained results show the efficiency of the system. In this work, we propose a system for Fake news detection that uses machine learning techniques. We used term frequency-inverse document frequency (TF-IDF) of bag of words and n-grams as feature extraction technique, and Support Vector Machine (SVM) as a classifier. We propose also a dataset of fake and true news to train the proposed system. Obtained results show the efficiency of the system.
Many people consume news from social media instead of traditional news media. However, social media has also been used to spread fake news, which has negative impacts on individual people and society. In this paper, an innovative model for fake news detection using machine learning algorithms has been presented. This model takes news events as an input and based on twitter reviews and classification algorithms it predicts the percentage of news being fake or real. The feasibility of the project is analyzed in this phase and business proposal is put forth with a very general plan for the project and some cost estimates. During system analysis the feasibility study of the proposed system is to be carried out. This is to ensure that the proposed system is not a burden to the company. For feasibility analysis, some understanding of the major requirements for the system is essential.This study is carried out to check the economic impact that the system will have on the organization. The amount of fund that the company can pour into the research and development of the system is limited. The expenditures must be justified. Thus the developed system as well within the budget and this was achieved because most of the technologies used are freely available. Only the customized products had to be purchased.
